README.md, before:

# Project Proposal: Collaborative Planner
## Group 6
## By Trung Tran, Edison Nguyen, and Phuc Nguyen

### The problem to resolve:
With everyone having their own busy schedules these days, it’s hard for groups to coordinate and align their plans effectively. As groups come together to plan for meetings and deadlines, it can be difficult to assess everyone’s mutual availability. This problem is relevant as what timeslot is available for one individual may not be available for others.
 
### Functionality: 
Our team would like to propose a solution to the problem by creating a collaborative planner. The application will let groups of users share a planner and collaborate on scheduling, making sure everyone is on the same page. As the application takes in users' schedules, it will provide an output of the available time that everyone shares in order to find the best possible time to collaborate efficiently.	

### Previous works
[1] Timely - Subscription-based team time-management application. <br>
[2] Resource Guru - Subscription-based planner application that puts all group members' schedules on one screen.

### Assumptions / operating environments / intended usage 
Our collaborative planner is intended to be used by groups of individuals who want to coordinate their activities based on each other’s schedules. This application can be used in various industries where efficient group planning is needed. For example, it can be used by students, friends, family, business partners, and project team members.

### High-level description of solution
#### Approach:
We plan to make a desktop-based collaborative planner application. We plan to follow the Waterfall Model for developing this application. There will be discussions for when to move on to the next step based on the progress of the project. It is expected that we will meet every week to discuss what we did in the past week and what we plan for the next week. Meeting times will vary depending on everyone’s availability. We will communicate through Discord and help each other out so that we can learn and complete this project together.

#### Key features:
**Account management** - Users will be able to register, log in, log out, and edit a personal account. <br>
**Group creation** - Users will be able to create groups and invite others to the group to start collaborative planning. <br>
**Shared calendar** - Let users see everyone’s schedule on the same calendar. Users will also be able to add or remove their own schedules to the calendar. <br>
**Commenting** - Users can highlight a specific timeline on the calendar and write a comment or note. <br>
**Provide availability timeslots** - The application will provide the group with mutual availability timeslots based on everyone’s schedule. Whenever a user makes an adjustment to their schedule, the new adjusted availability schedule will be generated to replace the previous one. <br>

#### Technologies we will use:
Collaborative Platform: Github and Discord <br>
Programming Language: Java <br>
IDE: Eclipse <br>
Framework: JavaFX <br>
Database: MySQL <br>

### References: 
[1] Timely, Timely AS (https://timelyapp.com/) <br>
[2] Resource Guru, Resource Guru (https://resourceguruapp.com/)

Commit message:

WIP Update README.md with initial project report

README.md, after:

# Project Report
## Steps to run code
-

## Snapshot of the running program
![image](https://github.com/trungtran1234/CS151-CollaborativePlanner/assets/131917314/d55230ed-5e56-402a-a72b-ef86a0af84bf)

## Brief description of how you solved the problem mentioned in the proposal
While our team originally proposed a collaborative planner application, we made the selective decision to cut down our project from being as involved and utilizing technologies we were inexperienced with and, instead, decided to settle for an individual planner application. The problem of people having to coordinate their schedules has still been resolved within our application as it sufficiently allows users to create and organize their schedules visually and manually through the use of our application.

## UML Class Diagram
![umlclass](https://github.com/trungtran1234/CS151-CollaborativePlanner/assets/131917314/e4455f95-12fe-4562-aa63-39a0896fcb6a)

## Brief description of your application
-

## Individual contributions (Who did what?), with a rating of percentage of work done by the individual. The sum of the percentage of work done by all team members should be equal to 100. Also, briefly describe (in a few words only) the work done by each member.
-

# Original Project Proposal: Collaborative Planner
## Group 6
## By Trung Tran, Edison Nguyen, and Phuc Nguyen

### The problem to resolve:
With everyone having their own busy schedules these days, it’s hard for groups to coordinate and align their plans effectively. As groups come together to plan for meetings and deadlines, it can be difficult to assess everyone’s mutual availability. This problem is relevant as what timeslot is available for one individual may not be available for others.
 
### Functionality: 
Our team would like to propose a solution to the problem by creating a collaborative planner. The application will let groups of users share a planner and collaborate on scheduling, making sure everyone is on the same page. As the application takes in users' schedules, it will provide an output of the available time that everyone shares in order to find the best possible time to collaborate efficiently.	

### Previous works
[1] Timely - Subscription-based team time-management application. <br>
[2] Resource Guru - Subscription-based planner application that puts all group members' schedules on one screen.

### Assumptions / operating environments / intended usage 
Our collaborative planner is intended to be used by groups of individuals who want to coordinate their activities based on each other’s schedules. This application can be used in various industries where efficient group planning is needed. For example, it can be used by students, friends, family, business partners, and project team members.

### High-level description of solution
#### Approach:
We plan to make a desktop-based collaborative planner application. We plan to follow the Waterfall Model for developing this application. There will be discussions for when to move on to the next step based on the progress of the project. It is expected that we will meet every week to discuss what we did in the past week and what we plan for the next week. Meeting times will vary depending on everyone’s availability. We will communicate through Discord and help each other out so that we can learn and complete this project together.

#### Key features:
**Account management** - Users will be able to register, log in, log out, and edit a personal account. <br>
**Group creation** - Users will be able to create groups and invite others to the group to start collaborative planning. <br>
**Shared calendar** - Let users see everyone’s schedule on the same calendar. Users will also be able to add or remove their own schedules to the calendar. <br>
**Commenting** - Users can highlight a specific timeline on the calendar and write a comment or note. <br>
**Provide availability timeslots** - The application will provide the group with mutual availability timeslots based on everyone’s schedule. Whenever a user makes an adjustment to their schedule, the new adjusted availability schedule will be generated to replace the previous one. <br>

#### Technologies we will use:
Collaborative Platform: Github and Discord <br>
Programming Language: Java <br>
IDE: Eclipse <br>
Framework: JavaFX <br>
Database: MySQL <br>

### References: 
[1] Timely, Timely AS (https://timelyapp.com/) <br>
[2] Resource Guru, Resource Guru (https://resourceguruapp.com/)
